# Assignment 3 - Sean Tarbuck

The Machine Team has agreed to work on a Senior Design Project that revolves around machine learning. The exact scope of the project is to be determined, but a focus of research and using Python has been decided upon. There are so many options available when determining the exact scope of the Machine Team's project. Each topic discussed piques the entire team's curiosity, which only demonstrates our collective excitement to dive into our project. The CS curriculum at the University of Cincinnati offers a wide range of courses to prepare students with a wide range of CS skills. In terms of application for our Senior Design Project, courses including Python, Algorithms, Database, AI, ENED, and more will help guide the completion of the Machine Team's Project.

As previously stated, the University of Cincinnati's CS curriculum offers a wide range of courses that prepare students with a wide range of CS skills. More specifically, all of the aforementioned courses played a role when deciding what kind of Senior Design project wanted to be accomplished. The fundamentals that were taught and learned within these courses fueled an interest for machine learning while also providing many skills to pursue this topic. Although, with limited time, only so much can be comprehended within a semester, that is why, the Machine Team plans to research and dive into much further comprehension of machine learning.

While the CS curriculum has helped establish a strong baseline of technical and soft skills, my co-op experiences have had the most significant role in my development as a CS student. My co-op experiences allowed practical application of many technical and non-technical skills. Each experience, I worked on a different team where I was able to develop and apply different skills. This included cyber security, networking, development, and media. While working at Lubrizol, I was able to travel internationally to France and domestically around the US, I developed a user access report application, I was responsible for upgrading all servers for the print & scan team, and more. All of these experiences and projects allowed for strong development in non-technical skills including communication, leadership, problem solving, creativity, motivation while also developing many technical skills including PowerShell, PNP, Graph, REST, Nintex, Power, SharePoint, and more. 
