Zach Carlson M13284627
Self-Assessment
I was in charge of creating the machine learning component for the pre-game NBA prediction. I learned a lot about machine learning, web-scraping, and data parsing. I had to scrap the web for the 2016-2024 NBA seasons and also all the individual games which totaled around 17,000 games. From those 17,000 games that I scraped I had to parse the data into a CSV so that it was readable by our machine learning algorithm. I have built on the skills that I initially outlined in my assessment last fall. 
Some of my obstacles while creating this algorithm and getting all the data was that it took a very long time to scrap all the data. It took around 7 hours to get all the games from 1 season and I had to scrap 9 seasons. Sometimes this code would break in the middle of scraping, and I would have to scrape it all again. I overcame this by setting breakpoints and debugging to ensure that all my necessary data was being passed correctly to each function. 
Our group worked very well together and hard on this project. We achieved so much such as having a very nice-looking website to visualize our data, two decent models that helped meet our initial goal for the project and working with APIs to pass in important data for our website. I learned in group work that sometimes all you need is to have clear set guidelines and support from everyone to make sure that the project gets done properly. I don’t think that we had any personal issues with the group, and I think that everyone worked very well on the project on their own part.
I think that everyone had pretty equal contributions to the project. The website looked amazing thanks to Rylee and Jake putting in the time to make it look nice and have cool features. Sean and Rylee did an amazing job keeping the documentation clean and organized. Jake did a great job on his machine learned model for prediction scores of on going games and also getting good APIs on the website to provide some much needed data and elements. I think that this project was a huge success and given more time I think we could have added a lot more and made it even better.



